+++
title = "Rideau Osgoode Updates"
summary = "Even as we start to slowly return to something that resembles normal, we're going to continue our online classes."
date = "2020-07-24"
draft = false
categories = ["COVID-19", "Updates"]
+++

We're keeping our calendar up-to-date, so if you're not sure what we're doing on any particular day, please check there.

Even as we start to slowly return to something that resembles normal, we're going to continue our online classes. For now, we're going to keep our 7pm Tuesday and Thursday night online classes, although we may reconfigure these to a 6:30 pm start to align with our in-person sessions. More later.

We have a few slots still open for this Saturday morning training. Send a note to schedule@rideauosgoode.ca to reserve your space.
For our in-person training we have:

* Three 45 minute training slots on Saturday mornings, starting at 9:00am, 10:00am, and 11:00am.
* On Monday night, a one-hour Karate session at 6:30 pm, followed by a one-hour Kobudo session at 7:45 pm.
* On Tuesday night, a one-hour Karate session at 6:30 pm, followed by a one-hour Brown and Black Belt Karate session at 7:45 pm
* On Wednesdays, an entirely on-line evening with a 30 minute Karate session at 6:30 pm, followed by a 30 minute Kobudo session at 7:15 pm with our EMAC friends.
* On Thursday night, we have one-hour Kobudo session at 6:30 pm, followed by a one-hour Karate session at 7:45.

For now, we're keeping Friday nights unscheduled to give our instructors a bit of a break (we will periodically use Friday night for special events).

We're doing everything possible to keep our training area safe. Our return to in-person training protocols are described on our website. As always, your feedback is welcome and appreciated.

Thanks for your continued patience as we adapt.