+++
title = "Rideau Osgoode Updates"
summary = "Based on our experiences last week, we'll be making some changes in delivery this week which we believe will make the sessions better for the diverse levels of experience of the attendees."
date = "2020-03-29"
draft = false
categories = ["COVID-19", "Updates"]
+++

Once again, I'd like to thank you all for your patience as we work out how to deliver training opportunities in the virtual space.

Based on our experiences last week, we'll be making some changes in delivery this week which we believe will make the sessions better for the diverse levels of experience of the attendees. For our Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday sessions, we will focus on strength building, flexibility, and fundamental skills that are valuable for everybody for the first 30 minutes; after that first 30 minutes, we'll work on topics for our more experienced members. Our Wednesday and Friday sessions will focus exclusively on the needs of our more experienced members. All sessions start at 7pm. You can get to all online sessions by pointing your browser to http://rideauosgoode.ca/zoom (this link will automatically redirect you to the right channel). We're currently using Zoom for all of our online classes; you'll have to install this software to join in (when you click the link, you'll get installation instructions).

To make it as easy as possible for you to find us, I've rolled a calendar into a website update. The schedule page now includes the club calendar (in agenda format); all calendar entries include a link to the online session. Note that there are links in the frame to manipulate the representation and include it in your own calendar.

You'll notice links to our YouTube channel on the website as well. We've only just started putting content here. Unfortunately, until we build up a following, we cannot put videos longer than 15 minutes on this channel. We will be posting most of our online training sessions on our Facebook page.

You'll also notice some changes to the fee structure on the website. This is for new members. Fees will remain unchanged for all existing members until December 2020.

Again, we thank you for your patience.

Keep training.

Wash your hands.